infra/README.md, before:

# Terraform Setup and Initialization

This README provides step-by-step instructions for setting up and running Terraform commands for both the setup and deploy stages using Docker Compose and aws-vault for managing AWS credentials.

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose installed
- `aws-vault` installed and configured
- AWS credentials configured in `aws-vault`

### 1. Navigate to the Desired Directory

Open your terminal and navigate to either the setup or deploy directory, depending on which stage you want to work on.

```sh
cd projects-api/infra/<directory>
```

### 2. Authenticate with AWS Using aws-vault

Authenticate your terminal session with AWS to allow Terraform to make requests to the AWS API.

If your AWS account requires MFA, make sure your `~/.aws/config` has the `mfa_serial` configured for your profile. Here is an example of what it should look like:

```ini
[profile <profile-name>]
region = us-east-1
mfa_serial = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/your-mfa-device

Authenticate your terminal session with AWS to allow Terraform to make requests to the AWS API.

```sh
aws-vault exec <profile-name> --duration=12h
```

You will be prompted to enter your MFA token from your MFA device.

### 3. Initialize Terraform

Initialize the Terraform using Docker Compose.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> init
```

### 4. Format Terraform Code

Format your Terraform code to ensure consistency.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory>fmt
```

### 5. Validate Terraform Configuration

Validate the Terraform configuration to ensure it is correct.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> validate
```

### 6. Plan Terraform Changes

Generate and review the execution plan for Terraform changes.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> plan
```

### 7. Apply Terraform Configuration

Apply the Terraform configuration to create the defined infrastructure.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> apply
```

### 8. Get Terraform Outputs
Retrieve the outputs from the Terraform state.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> output
```

### 9. Retrieve Sensitive Outputs
Retrieve the sensitive output values from the Terraform state.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> output cd_user_access_key_secret
```

### 10. Destroy Infrastructure
To destroy the infrastructure created by Terraform, use the following command:

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> destroy
```

Commit message:

ci: add permissions to the CI/CD user for managing EC2 resources

infra/README.md, after:

# Terraform Setup and Initialization

This README provides step-by-step instructions for setting up and running Terraform commands for both the setup and deploy stages using Docker Compose and aws-vault for managing AWS credentials. This project uses Terraform to set up various AWS resources, including S3 for state storage, DynamoDB for state locking, and ECR for Docker images. The setup commands described below should be run by administrators to configure these resources. The deployment commands will be run from the CI/CD pipeline.

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose installed
- `aws-vault` installed and configured
- AWS credentials configured in `aws-vault`

### 1. Navigate to the Desired Directory

Open your terminal and navigate to either the infra directory.

```sh
cd projects-api/infra
```

### 2. Authenticate with AWS Using aws-vault

Authenticate your terminal session with AWS to allow Terraform to make requests to the AWS API.

If your AWS account requires MFA, make sure your `~/.aws/config` has the `mfa_serial` configured for your profile. Here is an example of what it should look like:

```ini
[profile <profile-name>]
region = us-east-1
mfa_serial = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/your-mfa-device

Authenticate your terminal session with AWS to allow Terraform to make requests to the AWS API.

```sh
aws-vault exec <profile-name> --duration=12h
```

You will be prompted to enter your MFA token from your MFA device.

### 3. Initialize Terraform

Initialize the Terraform using Docker Compose.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> init
```

### 4. Format Terraform Code

Format your Terraform code to ensure consistency.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory>fmt
```

### 5. Validate Terraform Configuration

Validate the Terraform configuration to ensure it is correct.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> validate
```

### 6. Plan Terraform Changes

Generate and review the execution plan for Terraform changes.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> plan
```

### 7. Apply Terraform Configuration

Apply the Terraform configuration to create the defined infrastructure.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> apply
```

### 8. Get Terraform Outputs
Retrieve the outputs from the Terraform state.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> output
```

### 9. Retrieve Sensitive Outputs
Retrieve the sensitive output values from the Terraform state.

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> output cd_user_access_key_secret
```

### 10. Destroy Infrastructure
To destroy the infrastructure created by Terraform, use the following command:

```sh
docker compose run --rm terraform -chdir=<directory> destroy
```
